Welcome to this brand new chapter.
So we've graduated from the more simple, easier iPhone footage, social media, post type videos that
we've been working on to get comfortable editing and to build our structure and foundational understanding
as video editor.
Now, in this section, we're going to be doing some deeper, more complex editing techniques with a
new layer of series and principles.
You'll be able to use these new techniques that we're going to get into to improve your rough edits
and help you decide what to cut, when to cut, what to show all the more subtle things that you learn
as you develop your ninja editing skills.
And really, it's stuff that you would normally be learning over a long period of time, working with
a lot of projects.
But instead, my goal is to give you that information and those insights in a much shorter time, in
a time of days rather than years.
So for this section, you can use your own footage if you'd like, or you can download the same exact
shots that I'm going to be editing with.
And we will do our edits together.
If you do want to go in the direction of using your own footage.
Totally cool.
I would just recommend using a past project where you have multiple shot types to choose from.
Because we're going to be diving into shot tibs shot, ordering, shot, pacing, shot length.
All of these different kind of techniques.
So feel free to use your own footage.
If not, feel free to download the footage I'm providing.
And let's get into it.